# SQL Agent

This is a simple SQL Agent that can be used to run SQL queries against a database using LLMs. The main advantages of using the SQL Agent are:
- It can answer questions based on the databases’ schema as well as on the databases’ content (like describing a specific table).
- It can recover from errors by running a generated query, catching the traceback and regenerating it correctly.
- It can query the database as many times as needed to answer the user question.
- It will save tokens by only retrieving the schema from relevant tables.

## Few-Shot Prompt Examples:

- Few Shot Prompt Examples are present in /sql_examples.py  file  which correspond to different SQL queries which can be generated by the LLM Model at runtime depending on the Frontend UI Task selected by the End user in the Streamlit application.
- LLM Infers, learns the  context, Semantic of  "GENERATING  SQL  QUERY TASK" from these  few shot examples and then generates the New SQL query accordingly. 

## Setup

> Before you start, you need to install `poetry` for dependency and automated version management of  different  dependencies.

1. Clone the repository
2. Install the dependencies: `poetry install`
3. Activate the virtual environment: `poetry shell`
4. Configure the environment variables in the `.env` file (use the `.env.example` as a template)
5. Initialize the database: `python -m scripts.init_db`

## Running the AI Agent

To run the agent in CLI, you can use the following command:

```bash
python main.py    ===> For Main Driver Code (Optional) 
```

To run the agent in Streamlit, you can use the following command:

```bash
streamlit run LLM_Agent.py
```

## Additional Information

For more information, please refer to the [Agents LangChain documentation](https://python.langchain.com/docs/use_cases/sql/agents).

For more information about using LLMs with Streamlit, please refer to the [Streamlit documentation](https://docs.streamlit.io/knowledge-base/tutorials/llm-quickstart).
